Update the installation guide in order to reduce the emphasis on Anaconda (#5885)
gammapy/gammapy: docs/getting-started/install.rst

Using Anaconda / Miniconda
--------------------------
The easiest way to install Gammapy is to use one of the Python distribution software:
Miniconda, Anaconda or Miniforge (see this
`link <https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/index.html>`__).

> For some working environments (e.g. ESO, DESY, CEA), you should use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For some working environments (e.g. ESO, DESY, MPIK, CEA), you should use
```

> For some working environments (e.g. ESO, DESY, MPIK, CEA), you should use
> `Miniforge <https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge>`__ to be able to use conda/mamba without trouble.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For certain working environments (e.g. ESO, DESY, MPIK, CEA), 
`Miniforge <https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge>`__ is recommended to ensure conda/mamba work smoothly.
```
